# TERMS AND CONDITIONS

These terms and conditions (the "Terms and Conditions") govern the use of
_kty.dev_ (the "Site"). This Site is owned and operated by Fabricate LLC.
This Site is an open source project.

By using this Site, you indicate that you have read and understand these Terms
and Conditions and agree to abide by them at all times.

## Intellectual Property

All content published and made available on our Site is the property of
Fabricate LLC and the Site's creators. This includes, but is not limited to
images, text, logos, documents, downloadable files and anything that contributes
to the composition of our Site.

## Accounts

When you create an account on our Site, you agree to the following:

1. You are solely responsible for your account and the security and privacy of
   your account, including passwords or sensitive information attached to that
   account; and
1. All personal information you provide to us through your account is up to
   date, accurate, and truthful and that you will update your personal
   information if it changes.

We reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account if you are using our
Site illegally or if you violate these Terms and Conditions.

## Links to Other Websites

Our Site contains links to third party websites or services that we do not own
or control. We are not responsible for the content, policies, or practices of
any third party website or service linked to on our Site. It is your
responsibility to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of these
third party websites before using these sites.

## Limitation of Liability

Fabricate LLC and our directors, officers, agents, employees, subsidiaries, and
affiliates will not be liable for any actions, claims, losses, damages,
liabilities and expenses including legal fees from your use of the Site.

## Indemnity

Except where prohibited by law, by using this Site you indemnify and hold
harmless Fabricate LLC and our directors, officers, agents, employees,
subsidiaries, and affiliates from any actions, claims, losses, damages,
liabilities and expenses including legal fees arising out of your use of our
Site or your violation of these Terms and Conditions.

## Applicable Law

These Terms and Conditions are governed by the laws of the State of Washington.

## Severability

If at any time any of the provisions set forth in these Terms and Conditions are
found to be inconsistent or invalid under applicable laws, those provisions will
be deemed void and will be removed from these Terms and Conditions. All other
provisions will not be affected by the removal and the rest of these Terms and
Conditions will still be considered valid.

## Changes

These Terms and Conditions may be amended from time to time in order to maintain
compliance with the law and to reflect any changes to the way we operate our
Site and the way we expect users to behave on our Site. We will notify users by
email of changes to these Terms and Conditions or post a notice on our Site.

## Contact Details

Please contact us if you have any questions or concerns. Our contact details are
as follows:

```
support@kty.dev
```

Effective Date: 27th day of August, 2024

©2002-2024 LawDepot.com®
